Guide towards v9 for ESM OTEL setups (#11974)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/opentelemetry/using-opentelemetry-apis.mdx

  // The SentrySampler will use this to determine which traces to sample
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,

  // Add additional OpenTelemetry instrumentation:
  openTelemetryInstrumentations: [new GenericPoolInstrumentation()],
});
```

<Note>
  It is possible to add instrumentations via `registerInstrumentations()` from
  `@opentelemetry/instrumentation`. However, with ESM (`import`/`export` syntax)

>   you need to be careful to do so before `import`ing any modules that should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  you need to be careful to do so before importing any modules that should be
```
